This doc was autogenerated as part of the pipeline.

# Turbonomic Provider

This project is developed, owned, and maintained by the
[SRE - Orchestration](https://admin.foo.com/emplmng/orgbrowser.php#view_workgroup/7703)
pod.

## Configuring the Provider

```
provider "turbonomic" {
  provider_loglevel = "INFO"
  provider_logfile = "terraform-provider-turbonomic.log"

  client_username = "admin"
  client_password = "changeme"
  client_tls_insecure = "true"

  server_hostname = "127.0.0.1"
  server_protocol = "https"
}
```

## Environment Variables

Some of the provider configuration options can be provided through environment
variables.  Environment variables are prefixed with the provider name and
correspond to options in the provider schema definition:

* `TURBO_PROVIDER_LOGLEVEL`
* `TURBO_PROVIDER_LOGFILE`
* `TURBO_CLIENT_USERNAME`
* `TURBO_CLIENT_PASSWORD`
* `TURBO_SERVER_HOSTNAME`

Example Usage:

```
$> export TURBO_PROVIDER_LOGLEVEL='INFO'
$> export TURBO_PROVIDER_LOGFILE='-'
$> export TURBO_CLIENT_USERNAME='admin'
$> export TURBO_CLIENT_PASSWORD='changeme'
$> terraform init && terraform plan
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `client_password` - (`schema.TypeString`) Password for authenticating against Turbonomic
- `client_tls_insecure` - (Optional; `schema.TypeBool`) Whether or not to verify the server's certificate. Defaults to `false`.
- `client_username` - (`schema.TypeString`) Username for authenticating against Turbonomic
- `provider_logfile` - (Optional; `schema.TypeString`) Where to direct the provider-specific log output. A value of `"-"` preserves the default behavior of the `log` package from Golang stdlib and will be combined with the main `terraform.log` file produced by Terraform. If the desired output file does not exist, it will be created.  If the desired output file already exists, the log output will be appended to this file. This can also be set through the environment variable `TURBO_PROVIDER_LOGFILE`. Defaults to `"terraform-provider-turbonomic.log"`.
- `provider_loglevel` - (Optional; `schema.TypeString`) The level of verbosity for the provider's log file. This setting determines which types of log messages are written and which are ignored. Possible values (from most verbose to least verbose) include 'DEBUG', 'TRACE', 'INFO', 'WARNING', 'ERROR', and 'NONE'.  The provider's logs will be written to the location specified by `provider_logfile`. This can also be set through the environment variable `TURBO_PROVIDER_LOGLEVEL`. Defaults to `'INFO'`.
- `server_hostname` - (`schema.TypeString`) The hostname / IP address of the Turbonomic REST API server
- `server_protocol` - (Optional; `schema.TypeString`) The protocol the Turbonomic REST API server is using for communication. Defaults to https.

