This doc was autogenerated as part of the pipeline.

# turbonomic_reservation


## Description

Turbonomic Placement Recommendations.
NOTE: Once placement recommendation is retrieved, it only exists in state file. 
	 Placement recommendatin is deleted by API itself when the call is completed


## Interactivity

* Creatable: **YES**
* Deletable: **YES**
* Mutable:   **NO**


## Example Usage

```
resource "turbonomic_reservation" "example" {
  action = "RESERVATION"
  constraint_ids = ["${data.turbonomic_market_policy.policy.id}"]
  deployment_profile_id = "${data.turbonomic_template.template.deployment_profile_id}"
  entity_name = "tftest.dev.foo.foo.com"

  reservation_expire_time = "1"
  reservation_reserve_time = "1"
  template_id = "${data.turbonomic_template.template.id}"
}
```


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `action` - (Force New; `schema.TypeString`) The intended action for the workload demand.
- `constraint_ids` - (Optional; Force New; `schema.TypeSet` of `schema.TypeString`) List of constraint policies to use for reservation
- `deployment_profile_id` - (Optional; Force New; `schema.TypeString`) ID of the deployment profile associated with the template.
- `entity_name` - (Force New; `schema.TypeString`) Name of the instance to use for generating placement recommendation.
- `reservation_blocking_req` - (Optional; Force New; `schema.TypeBool`) whether reservation requests will be blocking
- `reservation_expire_time` - (Optional; Force New; `schema.TypeString`) timestamp of reservations for reservation/expiration times
- `reservation_reserve_time` - (Optional; Force New; `schema.TypeString`) timestamp of reservations for reservation/expiration times
- `template_id` - (Force New; `schema.TypeString`) Template ID used for generating recommendation.


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

- `action` - (`schema.TypeString`) The intended action for the workload demand.
- `compute_provider` - (`schema.TypeString`) Generated recommendation for compute placememt
- `constraint_ids` - (`schema.TypeSet` of `schema.TypeString`) List of constraint policies to use for reservation
- `deployment_profile_id` - (`schema.TypeString`) ID of the deployment profile associated with the template.
- `entity_name` - (`schema.TypeString`) Name of the instance to use for generating placement recommendation.
- `reservation_blocking_req` - (`schema.TypeBool`) whether reservation requests will be blocking
- `reservation_expire_time` - (`schema.TypeString`) timestamp of reservations for reservation/expiration times
- `reservation_reserve_time` - (`schema.TypeString`) timestamp of reservations for reservation/expiration times
- `status` - (`schema.TypeString`) Status of the placement recommendation
- `storage_provider` - (`schema.TypeString`) Generated recommendation for storage placememt
- `template_id` - (`schema.TypeString`) Template ID used for generating recommendation.

