This doc was autogenerated as part of the pipeline.

# turbonomic_template


## Description

Tubonomic uses templates to reserve resource and deploy workloads into the environment, calculate supply/demand changes in a plan, and to calculate workloads for cloud environments.


## Interactivity

* Creatable: **YES**
* Deletable: **YES**
* Mutable:   **YES**


## Example Usage

```
resource "turbonomic_template" "example" {
  class_name = `"VirtualMachine"`
  compute_resource = {
    name  = "cpuSpeed"
    units = "MHz"
    value = 500
  }


  display_name = "PuREST VM"
  infrastructure_resource = {
    name  = "powerSize"
    value = 1
  }


  storage_resource = {
    name  = "diskSize"
    units = "GB"
    value = 20
  }

}
```


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `class_name` - (`schema.TypeString`) The type of template. Values include: `"Container"`, `"PhysicalMachine"`, `"Storage"`, `"VirtualMachine"`.
- `compute_resource` - (Optional; `schema.TypeSet` of `schema.Resource`) Set of compute resource statistics such as number of CPU, CPU speed, memory size, etc.
- `deployment_profile_id` - (Optional; `schema.TypeString`) ID of the deployment profile associated with this template. In order to set up VM workloads and deploy to a reservation, the VM template must have a deployment profile mapped to it. This is the UUID of the deployment profile.
- `description` - (Optional; `schema.TypeString`) Description of the template
- `display_name` - (`schema.TypeString`) Name of the template.
- `infrastructure_resource` - (Optional; `schema.TypeSet` of `schema.Resource`) Set of infrastructure resource statistics such as power size, space size, cooling, etc.
- `network_resource` - (Optional; `schema.TypeSet` of `schema.Resource`) Set of network resource statistics such as network throughput, etc.
- `price` - (Optional; `schema.TypeFloat`) Cost price associated with this template when performing market analysis.
- `storage_resource` - (Optional; `schema.TypeSet` of `schema.Resource`) Set of storage resource statistics such as disk I/O, disk size, percentage of disk consumed, etc.
- `vendor` - (Optional; `schema.TypeString`) Hardware, software vendor


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

- `class_name` - (`schema.TypeString`) The type of template. Values include: `"Container"`, `"PhysicalMachine"`, `"Storage"`, `"VirtualMachine"`.
- `compute_resource` - (`schema.TypeSet` of `schema.Resource`) Set of compute resource statistics such as number of CPU, CPU speed, memory size, etc.
- `deployment_profile_id` - (`schema.TypeString`) ID of the deployment profile associated with this template. In order to set up VM workloads and deploy to a reservation, the VM template must have a deployment profile mapped to it. This is the UUID of the deployment profile.
- `description` - (`schema.TypeString`) Description of the template
- `discovered` - (`schema.TypeBool`) Whether or not the template is discovered or manually created.
- `display_name` - (`schema.TypeString`) Name of the template.
- `infrastructure_resource` - (`schema.TypeSet` of `schema.Resource`) Set of infrastructure resource statistics such as power size, space size, cooling, etc.
- `network_resource` - (`schema.TypeSet` of `schema.Resource`) Set of network resource statistics such as network throughput, etc.
- `price` - (`schema.TypeFloat`) Cost price associated with this template when performing market analysis.
- `storage_resource` - (`schema.TypeSet` of `schema.Resource`) Set of storage resource statistics such as disk I/O, disk size, percentage of disk consumed, etc.
- `vendor` - (`schema.TypeString`) Hardware, software vendor

